Adds containerd parsing example to the Fluent Bit page (#250)
kube-logging/kube-logging.github.io: content/docs/logging-infrastructure/fluentbit.md

> Note: These examples use the traditional method that configures the Fluent Bit deployment using **spec.fluentbit** section of {{% xref "/docs/logging-infrastructure/logging.md" %}}.

## Containerd log fields

> The following example defines a [Fluentd parser]({{< relref "/docs/configuration/plugins/filters/parser.md" >}}) that places the parsed containerd log messages into the `log` field instead of the `message` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example defines a custom Fluent Bit parser that places the parsed containerd log messages into the `log` field instead of the `message` field to be backwards compatible with docker container runtimes.
```
